# general

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The AnimalTrack IOS app and the AnimalTrack Andoid app allows its uses to upload different animal/insect/plant photos, and helping and protect the environment. Let's see how. First, when users upload pictures of animals/insects/plants, a graph will be formed that displays the content of uploaded animal species on a yearly basis. This way, animal/insect or environmental orgnaizations can determine the rise and fall of each animal species as they evolve around humans, by seeing the major activities in that specific year. Secondly, AnimalTrack is helping protect these organisms by getting many people's attention towards protecting the animals and insects. When more and more people join, the data will be more accurate, meaning the content of the graph created out of the collection of data will be useful. A more specific example is, pretend someone sees a squirrel in their backyard. They take out their phone and tap the AnimalTrack app. Then, they press the camera button and take a photo of it. After that, a screen will show up that displays what species it is through the AI identifier, information about that animal such as diet and habitat, and any comments that the uploader wants to tell other users when they look at that post. When that person submits the post, on the home page of the app, there is a map that shows all the posts users uploadad, and when they click a thumbnail, they will see it in a greater detailed format.
  
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Features of the AnimalTrack app. There are many features that establish purposes, and the following paragraphs will explain them in general.
  
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Feature 1: Location. There are three types of positioning, communities, sections, and the specific route. Communities are like cities or towns, meaning that New York will count as a community as well as others. A section is a community that is divided into sections determined by the longitude and latitude, for example, there are 7 sections in the New York community. Finally, the specific route is the absolute positioning, meaning that it is the exact location a use is in. For example, user Bot1Bot is in New Hampshire, Manchester, Street ____, House # ___ etc. When a user sends a photo of a animal/insect/plant, their location is visible to anyone, but not the exact positioning. On the map, the thumbnail won't display right on top of the exact house that use was in, the thumbnail will be altered a few meters or so. This way, it protects the user's privacy. But the real data will still be stored in the database file in a shortended way. See Privacy Policy.
  
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Feature 2: Community leader system. This is a way for regular users to get on a role as a small administrator. Community leaders are able to hide other's posts if they contain inappropriate content. The real adminstrators can choose either to delete the hidden posts forever, or restore them back. When a community leader hides a post, it will be hidden and nobody on the app can see it, except for the administrators on the backend server. You might've guessed that if everyone can be a community leader, it will be chaos. But there are a few steps in order to ensure full trust with the capability of a community leader. To become one, you must have more than 500 contribution points (This file will specifiy that later), be in the top 10% of their community, be a member in that community, and also they have to upload at least 3 photos a week to maintain their role as a community leader. With all these tasks completed, the administrators don't have to spend massive amounts of time filtering these photos, and also we can have more trust in those people because they won't likely to spam when they are fully commited to AnimalTrack.
